I don't actually recommend them in our
limit because I think each kid is
different I think each family is
different there's a huge abuse in 12
year old and 15 year old so what I say
is first of all talk to your kids right
and like the first thing that you've got
to do is disarm because when you talk to
them about video games the first thing
that pops into the mind is you're gonna
take my capsule so anything that you
anything that they tell you is gonna be
me plus the game against so I think the
first thing that you've got to do is
like try to get on their team right try
to really explain to them that I want to
talk to you I'm not saying we're gonna
make any United this is abhorrent to
y'all I'm not saying we're making any
changes first just help me understand
them and then I think you should set
reasonable expectations so like here's
it was like dialogue that I would say
I'd say like you know I I know that you
really love playing for tonight because
you feel amazing and I want you to feel
that way too
I'm just wondering if there are other
alternatives besides there in addition
to for tonight that could help you feel
that way also I know that you really
love for night but I think that your
grades are kind of unacceptable
I know you're capable of getting more
disease and and so you know if your
grades don't improve then we're gonna
have to stop them for me